it's time for the Star Trek trivia game
that's sweeping the galaxy who's the
captain now please welcome your host
Geordi LaForge himself levar burton
[Music]
[Applause]
and welcome Romulans end for renji's all
welcome to who's the captain now let's
meet tonight's contestants shall we
first he speaks eight languages
including Klingon from South Bend
Indiana meet Pete you have dogs yes
correct
two rescue dogs we've got Truman he's I
think originally from Tennessee been
with us a couple years and then we got a
buddy he's our one-eyed puggle on a
weight-loss journey and they we love our
dogs god bless and I'm sure they love
you too right and his opponent tonight
these a few Picard's short of a full
holodeck say hi to Pat great to see you
again Pat oh and you love aw is it true
Pat that you are too paid during your
audition for Star Trek The Next
Generation the very final audition for
the studio yes yeah I wore a hairpiece
and where is that hairpiece now it's in
my safe
no poem knocked out Sakura why as well
it should be no no no reason what it's
all right no I'm good I'm good just one
to know all right here's how the game
works fellas I will ask you a question
about Star Trek The Next Generation the
first one to buzz in gets the
opportunity to answer that question if
you get it wrong then the other
contestant has an opportunity to steal
right every answer correct answers worth
10 points and whoever has the most
points at the end of the game is our
winner of a very special price hey deke
tell them what we have for them
the lucky winner will have a star named
after them through the International
Star Registry retail value $54
[Music]
that's not bad
oh it's a star named after you right uh
all right here we go the stakes are high
are you guys ready
Oh hands poised on the buzzers here's
the first question
name the only two characters to appear
in every episode of Star Trek The Next
Generation Pat OH character jean-luc
Picard okay and the other one would have
been Condor Riker that's correct
[Music]
nicely done sir all right here's
question number two what was the name of
the bar on the Starship Enterprise Pete
you buzz in first ten forward ten
forward is correct
scores tied 10 apiece here we go what is
jean-luc Picard's Borg name Locutus of
Borg no cutis aboard my money was on you
for that one Pat I don't know why you
didn't get that one here we go and take
a look at the screen for this one this
reaction shot became a wildly popular
meme which character caused Captain
Picard to facepalm John de Lancie
character name please q q is correct mr.
rough going for a second there man
are you sure you were on Star Trek do
you even know who I am
[Applause]
one fact I met John de Lancie when he
came to a Star Trek convention in South
Bend Indiana when I was a kid Wow for
your trivia BOTS there all right Worf
didn't always wear a gold uniform what
color uniform did Worf we're in season
number one hey red starts out red red
the good mayor surges into the lead 30
here we go true or false question the
Starship Enterprise was named after a
rental car company true or false false
you're right boy aren't we glad that
turned out the way it did all right we
are currently tied at 30 points apiece
here we go what was the title of the
very first episode a star hat and
counterpart that's all right Pete all
right here we go that sound indicates
that we are have time for one more
question and here we go for all the
marbles did my character Geordi LaForge
a Star Trek wear boxers or briefs
Pete boxers now I know Pat nothing
that's correct
[Applause]
[Music]
absolutely correct
Pat you are the captain now is your
certificate from the international star
that just need you sir Nick I've burned
your permanent place in the cosmos thank
you both for playing who's your captain
now
thank you so much for hosting this game
it is a dream come true for me levar
burton everyone make sure to check out
his podcast levar burton reads available
on apple podcasts stitcher and Spotify
and thanks to my opponent and guest Sir
Patrick Stewart new episodes of Star
Trek the cart are available to stream
Thursdays on CBS all access we'll be
right back with Tony Hale
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it